POK Organization: 
 Current figurehead Silvia Marek. Mandor Vann is the top political strategist.  
 Leaders: Silvia Marek, Mandor Vann, (poss Carmine Osvaldo) 
 -It is possible that Carmine Osvaldo is still in the leadership as he was 
one of the founders, does not mention if he died/retired. 
 Extended network: Isia Vann, Lorenzo Di Stefano, Lucio Jakab, 
 GAStech-POK Affiliates: Isia Vann,  
 -Need to look further into: Loreto Bodrogi, Hennie Osvaldo, Edvard Vann, Henk 
Mies, Cornelia Lais, Cecilia Morluniau, Claudio Hawelon, Inga Ferro,  
-^ these are all suspicious individuals with possible ties to the POK as well as general 
discharges from the military and/or recent hire dates 
  20-21 2014 Timeline:  
-Fire alarm was set at 10:00am though no fire was found to have 
occurred 
-Two private planes with 8 executives each took off at 1200 and 1400, 
business people aboard, second group were celebrating 
-Was reported that 14 GAStech employees were missing, later revised 
to 10 when the company leaders were found, safe.  
-POK claimed responsibility and demanded $20 mil in ransom 
 Theory: The security team seems to have a lack of vetting, several 
members either have direct ties or strong implications that they are tied to 
leadership/key people in the POK. Several of the Kronos born members of 
the security team served in the Kronos military and received less than 
honorable discharged, multiple having started to work for GAStech just a 
few months prior to the kidnapping. I believe that Isia Vann (older brother to 
Juliana Vann) has been planning this event for several years, using his 
connections within the GAStech organization to build a security team to 
enable this “kidnapping.”  
 Alternate Theory: 
All of the following were known to have used their credit cards at Guy’s 
Gyros within less than an hour of each other: 
 Felix 
Resumir 
Minke 
Mies 
Loreto 
Bodrogi 
Brand 
Tempestad 
Hideki 
Cocinaro 
Isia 
Vann 
Stenig 
Fusil 
Sven 
Flecha 
Kanon 
Herrero 
Varja 
Lagos 
Sten 
Sanjorge Jr. 
 Note that most of these are mid-low level security with the exception of the 
CEO, just a day prior to the kidnapping.  
 Next Steps: First, we need to find out who actually was kidnapped/is still 
missing. Next, we need to interview the entire security team to find out how 
this happened. We need to keep the names listed above separate from 
each other and cross reference their answers. Furthermore, we need the 
actual content of the emails to and from all the security personnel prior to 
the events in question.  
 1
1
2
3
4