January 21, 2014 - 10 employees kidnapped Including President and CEO Sten Sanjorge Jr, CFO Ingrid 
Barranco, CIO Ada campo-Corrente, COO Orhan Strum, and environment civil servant Willem 
Vasco-Pais van GAStech. 
Possibly kidnapped by the POK 
 POK established in 1998 in Elodis 
POK Members 
1.Henk Bodrogi 
2. 
    Action: Virus detected on your system 
From: Linnea.Bergen@gastech.com.kronos 
01/14/2014, 14:33:00 
To: Inga.Ferro@gastech.com.kronos, Loreto.Bodrogi@gastech.com.kronos, 
Isia.Vann@gastech.com.kronos, Hennie.Osvaldo@gastech.com.kronos, 
Minke.Mies@gastech.com.kronos, Ruscella.Mies.Haber@gastech.com.kronos 
  Two planes were reported to have left the Abila airport around 12:30 and 2:30 the day of the 
kidnapping, each carrying about 7-8 passengers. Destination Rome, Italy. 
 Sanjorge’s jet took the executives to Tethys and Sanjorge returned back to Kronos by 
himself. 
  Timeline 
 ●10:00 am - Reports of a fire at GASTech, firefighters on scene looking for fire. 
●11:00 am - Edvard Vann taken into custody for questioning 
●5:00 pm - Evard Vann released from questioning 
●6:30 pm - The GAStech executive jet arrived at the airport. The occupants were taken by 
limousine to the GAStech building. 
 POK Organization 
●1997 - Grassroots movement led under Henk Bodrogi 
●1997 - Carmine Osvaldo assists in organizing the POK 
●2001 - Elian Karel takes over as leader of POK 
●Silvia Marek / Mandor Vann (Uncle of Isia VAnn, a GASTech employee. 
●Isia Vann (Older brother of Juliana Vann) 
●Rachel Pantanal (Executive Assistant at Gastech, native of Tethys) 
●Loreto Bodrogi (Gastech employee)? Relative of Henk Bodrogi? 
●Hennie Osvaldo (Gastech employee), relative of Carmine Osvaldo? 
●Inga Ferro (Gastech employee)? 
●Hinke Mies 
●Minke Mies 
Theory 
●The executive assistants are working with the security team (Specifically Isia Vann, older brother 
of Juliana Vann) to coordinate the events of the day to route the executives of GasTech to a 
vulnerable position to be kidnapped. They are then escorted from GasTech to the Airport and 
then departed Abila Airport for Tethys. One of the jets flew back to Kronos shortly after with the 
CEO Sanjorge and a few of the executives where they embark to the police station.  
●It’s possible the executives weren’t kidnapped but unwilling participants in the ploy of their 
assistants of GasTech staff. The assistants and security team could have coordinated the fire 
alarm to go off at the same time they are embarking on their trip to the capital building. Given that 
there is a fire alarm or possible threat, the executives are then taken by the security team to the 
airport under the guise of protecting them from pending harm and flying them off, cutting off their 
communication. That’s why the company and media were unable to contact any of the 
executives. While the CEO and executives are out of country, the POK try to capitalize on the 
short window of opportunity and make their demands. However, Sanjorge arrives back with the 
executives a few hours later and hurriedly make their way to the police station.  
1
1
2
3
4